Separate Apso in modules (#95)
velocidi/apso: README.md

# Apso [![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/velocidi/apso.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/velocidi/apso) [![Maven Central](https://img.shields.io/maven-central/v/com.velocidi/apso_2.12.svg)](https://maven-badges.herokuapp.com/maven-central/com.velocidi/apso_2.12)

> Apso is Velocidi's Scala project of utilities libraries. It provides a series of useful methods.

Reviewer: I would probably rewrite this as:
```suggestion
Apso is Velocidi's collection of Scala utility libraries. It provides a series of useful methods.
```

(Feel free to ignore this comment)

> ## Spray

Reviewer: I'm a bit confused about c8adfcd3c0b962b58ca001a6daf23cc4e9f06e81

Spray has been superseded by akka-http, and that module only provides akka-http directives, so I think that we should keep the akka-http name and update the README instead.

Author: You're right. I had started with `akka-http` and when got to the README panicked and changed to `spray` 😅 Changed back the module name to `akka-http` and updated the README on 377f730fcc3c61d43f8840ce0911d97d6aa4a619.
